Phoenix, Arizona. Stand up live. How are you guys doing tonight?
Well I have some bloody good news for you. Harmontown is in session in Arizona.
Won't you please help me in welcoming the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo Phoenix, yo Phoenix, yo Phoenix, yo Phoenix. Best city in the goddamn world.
What's in his ear? What's in his ear? There's a weird thing in my ear. Don't be distracted.
It's a camera. I'm looking at you. I'm taping for you for your movie. You're gonna be in my movie.
Mind games being played with you. Thought you were watching me. I'm watching you making movies about an audience.
Phoenix. We have so much to talk about and barely any time to do it. Thank you for waiting if you were waiting.
I heard you broke the ice with, he told you, it's just your ponytail. We wanted to know who you were so bad.
What's your name? Ham? You're happy? You're happy to be here? Okay. If you said no, it would take us down a whole different road.
In the future, if you guys are regular here and you come to the show again and you sit in that seat,
just know that the people backstage get to look at the side of your head for the entire, just one, really one share.
Like the top of your head, just like the top third of your head, depending on your confidence.
Every time you get a little happy, you're like whack-a-mole.
We could see his, with the top of his hat right there, we couldn't tell if he was a ninja because all we could see was the back of the hat.
My back was dreadlocks. I thought there'd be dreadlocks under there, but it's not. You're clearly just a regular non-Jamaican meth dealer.
Just a surfer type, right? You guys are probably sick of meth jokes. I'm sure everybody that comes through goes like,
hey, it's a meth. I'm from Wisconsin. It was cheese. You guys make meth.
What do you wear on top of your heads at the football games? Like a glass?
Now I'm doing it. Now I'm doing it. I'm doing what everyone does when they come through here, I'm sure.
It's the Southwest. It's the best region of the country.
It's Phoenix. It's the greatest. It's the sixth largest capital city in the United States.
Your mayor's name is Greg Stanton.
Your football team is the Sun Sanders.
Fuck.
Spent all day in the hotel room.
The Sun Sanders.
You love cacti. You're proud of it.
So much to talk about. So we're making the movie. That's why I came out with the Bluetooth.
We just went everywhere we go. We're making this. We got in the tour bus. You're our first stop, by the way.
I talked to people at the bar. They didn't even know that. I make the mistake.
I think that's a narcissist mistake. You think that everyone knows what you know.
So first of all, that adds to nervousness. I think you know that I'm an asshole. I think you know I'm stupid.
I think you know I'm not funny. And I also think you know that this is our first stop on the tour.
But obviously, we have to get to know each other.
We have been doing this show in a cradle in Los Angeles. It's a very specific audience.
You guys are a specific audience. We have to spend tonight making a kind of love.
It will be consensual. We're going to leave here with your money having been well spent.
Or I will literally kill myself on stage. And you can Instagram it and use the right filter.
Because I think I feel like my blood looks fat this week.
Also, for those of you that listen to the podcast, I don't know if you've listened to the last one,
but Pat and Oswald gave Phoenix some pretty rough treatments.
Did anyone hear that? We'll start to get to know each other.
Who listens to the podcast regularly?
That's like 60% there.
Who just got a flyer saying, you won a comedy contest. Come see some funny stand-up.
Okay, thank God. That was my big nightmare. It was like, hey, let's go see some comedy.
And then I come out and I'm like, I feel fat. This isn't Horatio Sands.
Who's fat?
Well, he's lost a lot of weight. He looks good.
I'm just saying, these posters on the wall, the people here tonight who came for that,
you're also going to get your money's worth. I swear to God. I swear to your God.
I'm not even mine. Mine's more easy going than yours. I will do whatever your God requires.
You're not leaving here until your money has been well spent. How much were the tickets?
Twenty-two.
Okay, I take it back.
That's rough.
That's a tall order for a guy like me.
Twenty-two. That's an arbitrarily non-round number.
I've never done a $22 show. This will be my first one.
Okay, fine.
Tonight, Dan, let's give him a $23 show.
This will help the $20. I was like pandering to your...
What Dan is doing for the podcast is he's taking off, he's unbuttoning his shirt.
It's not an Arizona state shirt. It's the Alice Cooper, Cooper's town, knockoff of the Sun Devil's shirt.
So we have Wildcat fans who are also like big Ted Nugent fans as well.
Wait, are you guys mad at Sun Devil's or Alice Cooper?
Both.
But what about... Didn't you just tell me that Ted Nugent compared gun owners to Rosa Parks today?
Yeah, I just read that.
Ted Nugent made the brave, odd choice.
He said... I just saw it like in a little blurb. Apparently he said that gun owners compared them to Rosa Parks
and that one day the law-abiding gun owner will be sitting in the front of the bus.
Whatever that bus is. I'm assuming it's a bus to go rob a bank.
Sounds like the bus is shooting people. I don't know how that metaphor is supposed to be explored.
We're sitting in the back of it now, which means we're not shooting people with the guns that we're heroes for having.
I don't turn to Ted Nugent for my metaphors. I don't think of him as somebody...
I don't know why we've begun turning to him for our politics. It's the weirdest.
I trust him for one topic alone, bow hunting. That's it.
Bow hunting?
Ted Nugent knows everything about bow hunting. If he came up here and was like, this is how you notch an arrow, I believe you.
I would go to him not for civil rights analogies. I would go to him more if I had questions about Wang Dang, Sweet Poon Tang.
That's when I would turn to Ted Nugent.
Holy shit! What a great city! Phoenix is amazing!
You're already starting to sense that I'm forcing that.
I would say I really mean it, but I can't yet.
You were nervous about tonight?
Well, yeah, because we left our comfort zone. We drove in a bus and then we came out the door and we came in here.
And I saw the lacquered tables and the three-foot high stage and the posters of people who clearly you can tell from the photos on the wall,
the people who normally perform here, they have actual material.
They're doing it in the picture. There's a picture of a lady going like, ah!
She's in the middle, she's just finishing explaining what Jack Nicholson would be like in a drive-thru.
That guy just finally drew the line between men and women in the shopping with the toilet.
This is like a hall of fame back there.
See, most comics come up and riff the sets.
A hat comic would come up and go, oh, wow, nice to be back in Preskets.
But you're actually riffing the other comics that are on the wall here.
You're riffing on comics.
I'm not riffing. I'm intimidated by them. They look like the...
I can't tell anyone. Is that Gallagher or a woman? I can't see who that is.
It looks like Rachel Dratch or like an emo...
Oh, it's Bobby Lee.
That's Bobby Lee.
Bobby Lee, if you're listening, I thought you were Rachel Dratch.
And Bobby Lee, I thought you were Gallagher, so...
And everyone else on the wall here, take it easy on the appetizers.
That's mean. Look at me. Look at me.
There is a thing... I was looking through the menu.
There's a thing on the menu that just says pig.
And it boasts that it's...
Somebody grab a menu and read the pig for me on the microphone.
Is there a menu out there?
A half pound of bacon with a side of maple syrup.
That's fucking fantastic.
He said a pound.
It's a half pound.
Take it easy.
What do you think this is? Ladies' night?
I don't know what that means.
Are you saying women are pigs, Dan? Is that what that was?
I don't know what it means.
I will say things. I don't know what they mean.
I just hope it makes you laugh.
It's a trick people can perform.
It's kind of like a Rubik's Cube and a Monica Lewinsky cigar.
No, it didn't work. Okay, good.
Don't ever let me fool you.
Rap! Rap!
Oh, shit. You want to rap?
See, now Dan... I don't know if you guys are familiar with this.
Dan likes to rap.
The raps usually involve him fucking one of your mothers.
We have a...
Who wants me to rap about fucking their mom?
All right, I've got a lot of hands. I love Phoenix.
You're on?
Wait, this guy wants you to fuck his aunt.
Fuck his house?
His aunt.
All right, all right.
You want Dan Harmon to rap about fucking your aunt?
One of those.
All right.
All right. Well, shit, I'm torn.
Now, Dan, we have a lot of different rap styles here we can use here.
We have sexy and slow freestyle.
I want to do a sexy, slow rap about fucking his aunt.
Who is a sister of his mama?
Maybe you can tie that in.
You're already burning up my rhyme.
Sorry.
Wait, what's your name, sir?
Alex?
Okay, what's your aunt's name?
Patty?
And what is she the most afraid of?
Aging?
How old is she?
I forgot her name already.
Patty.
I'm not good at this.
I'm good at fucking your mama.
I fuck, oh, shit.
Sorry.
Maybe that's how you met his aunt.
Right.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
Alex came over, wanted to talk to me.
I said, can I fuck your mama?
He said, let's wait and see.
He brought me down the hall into a different room.
He said, the pussy you're going to fuck is not connected to womb.
Yes, it is, but not the one that gave birth to me.
He introduced me to a different person.
I was, my eyes were bursting.
I took this bitch in.
I said, who are you?
She said, my name is Patty and I want to fuck you.
I said, oh, shit.
Alex's aunt, I want to fuck her out of her pant.
She had one pant, not a pair.
I fucked his aunt.
You didn't care, but check it out.
I turned her over and said, holy shit.
Phoenix is a great city.
It's hard.
I can't, I can't fucking ant.
It's too hard.
Do you want to fuck somebody's mama instead?
Yeah, let's fuck this guy's mama.
All right.
What's your name, sir?
Dustin.
Dustin?
You would like Dan Harmon to fuck your mama right now.
Okay, what's your favorite food?
Steak.
Okay, steak.
All right.
Which movie did you think was better?
Tremors or Shawshank Redemption?
Shawshank Redemption.
Okay, he likes steak.
What was his name?
Dustin.
Okay.
All right, Dustin.
This is Shawshank Redemption and steak.
And I fucked his mama.
Give me a beat.
Ladies and gentlemen, Dustin's mama has been fucked
at least once that we know of.
But she's about to get it again.
Oh, I'm everywhere.
Breakdown.
Four in the afternoon.
Fuck Dustin's mama all the way into...
The moon.
Retake.
Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan.
That was my fault.
I meant to give you this one.
All right, this one's...
Yeah.
And what if I fucked Dustin's mama tonight?
Dustin's mama, does he taste like steak?
It's ironic, because her son loves it, and so do I.
The weird thing is, if I was next to him, which I would never want to be very uncomfortable,
given the naked company, I'd look over to him and say, this is steak.
And he'd say, that's my favorite food.
But you're talking about my mama's pussy.
At that point, it'd sink in what I'd done, and I'd be like, sorry, so sorry.
I've gone too far, Dustin.
Let's go watch Shawshank Redemption.
I thought it was pretty masterful how I used suggestions to create a...
Yeah, yeah.
You didn't know how those were going to come in.
That was experimental.
All right, let's stop with the gimmicks.
What am I performing monkey?
What am I someone you paid $22 to see?
We have to get a couple things out of the way just for the movie.
I'll take it off of your $22 if you see me after you go.
I helped you with the movie.
I want my $3 because we've got to get a couple of...
Because we're making this movie, it's like a tour movie.
One thing I can think that we definitely need is the slow-motion montage of me killing it at every venue.
We definitely have to fake that because it's not going to happen.
Because I don't have Bobby Lee's chutzpah.
The horrible song about Dustin's mom, I'm so sorry.
I don't know what I thought I was doing.
It didn't rhyme and it was gross and it evoked an image of...
This is gross.
I lost a lot of the women too and I'm sorry.
You want to try a country song instead?
Maybe in a second.
We don't want to burn up all the gold.
We're safe so far.
Let's just get a quick...
I just want to get a shot of...
It's slow-motion so I don't know if there's cameras that can overcrank.
I need you guys to be slow-mo.
If you can just imagine that I did well.
This sounds like the most dishonest thing in the world.
Dan, Harmontown is about being sincere and honest connections with people.
It's basically a real thing.
Just imagine that it's the end of the show.
I did really good and kind of like slow-mo reach for me.
You wish you could touch me.
And then I'll be kind of like touching you.
But first I want to get the Bon Jovi Sweep.
So you guys can just kind of raise up like one, two, three, do it.
Like slow-mo.
Wait, wait, wait.
This is all a lie.
What kind of movie do you think you're making?
Movie of lies.
I won't sign off on this, Dan.
This is the...
Alright, well, whatever.
Alright, well, can we also...
Well, give yourselves a hand.
Well, can we...
We'll counteract it then.
I say now, Dan, now because of that dishonesty,
now it's your... the onus is on you to create that moment for real by the end of this show.
I will definitely will.
I basically already did.
With community.
See?
But when I don't have Joel McHale again on camera,
I have to juice it a little bit.
There's everything, everything in entertainment is a lie.
Okay, well, here, I'll do you this favor.
Let's do the opposite.
Like let's do the dark moment.
We don't know, this might be the worst gig of the whole tour.
So does anybody have...
Do you have stuff you could throw at me?
Without hurting me?
A lot of people are very readily picked up bottles.
But nothing glass, nothing...
Yeah, plastic.
Okay, that was...
That looked like a roll of like sweet tarts.
Well, don't, don't, don't wait, don't start.
There has to be control.
You can't just...
Like, like, like I cue you and then we go because we have to get a good shot.
So, alright, so just...
Okay, so I'm going to cower because I kind of like...
I reached too hard and you turned on me.
And just kind of like, just kind of boomy.
And if you don't have anything to throw,
just kind of like point angrily or go like this, like forget this.
So, alright, so I'll just cue you with like a generic thing.
So you'll receive the cue, I'll cue you naturally.
Like, this has been the greatest chewer ever.
This thing's been better than 9-11, which I loved happening.
I loved it.
What are you talking about, you dumb shit?
No!
You don't know what you're talking about!
Fuck you!
I'm going back to Los Angeles!
You're such a bitch!
Alright, there you happy?
That was good.
You guys are wrapped.
Thank you very much.
It's exhilarating to be part of Hollywood, isn't it?
Like, show business.
Probably.
It's a lot of...
It's a very nice crowd.
There's a lot of soft stuff.
You'd expect one guy and there would be like a weird ninja star.
Alright, so Phoenix, let's get back to getting to know you.
We can't leave this town as we go on this tour.
We want to come away with learning something about this town.
I've been to Phoenix a couple of times and it's always been very quick,
so I don't really know much about it.
So we have to, you know, we have tonight.
I know incredibly little about Phoenix.
Like, maybe we could solicit somebody to help learning about it.
Who feels like they know...
Who's lived here their whole life?
Okay, we got a couple hands.
You got hair right here?
Pam's friend.
No, sitting across from Pam.
You're both named Breanne?
That's fine, doesn't it?
It's weird for me.
Have you met before tonight?
You just met and you're both named Breanne.
That's awesome.
You guys are going to...
Okay.
All right.
We've made a love connection over here.
Breanne, would you be willing to come up and talk to us for just a second?
We don't bully people at Harmontown.
We're not going to make fun of you.
Let's welcome Breanne at the stage, everybody.
Well, you're both Breanne.
All right, Breanne.
I have no idea what we're doing with them.
I know.
I will have you.
I would like to learn more about Phoenix.
So, both of you lived in Phoenix your whole lives?
Yes.
Okay.
But you just met tonight.
It's so weird.
All right.
So, what's the worst thing about Phoenix?
Summer.
What did you say?
Oh, because it gets hot.
It's a dry heat, Jeff.
Juice of research.
What's the best thing?
Are you proud to be citizens of Phoenix, Arizona?
Phoenicians.
I love that you guys are like an ancient civilization here.
Yeah, that is cool.
Are you guys about to invade the Carthaginians at some point?
I love that.
I don't know.
Personally, I think, for me, because I'm a musician,
I think we have a really good local scene for music.
What do you play?
Guitar.
You do?
Yeah.
Have you got a guitar here?
No.
Is there a guitar in the house?
What do you play?
It varies, but mostly rock.
You sing?
Kind of.
You do?
I could, I guess.
Other brand?
Do you think that if I were to improvise one of my incredible raps,
that you could do the Rihanna or Dino hook?
When I cued you, we could say, please come down to Harmontown.
Don't turn your frown upside down.
P is yellow, poop is brown.
I'm going down to Harmontown.
Can you remember that?
Okay.
Please come down to Harmontown.
Wait, I already forgot it.
I forgot.
I thought you were going to let her sing it.
Yeah, I was trying to get her to remember the thing.
Some of it smiles.
Turn your frown upside down.
P is yellow, poop is brown.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Turn your frown upside down.
P is yellow, poop is brown.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Turn your frown upside down.
P is yellow, poop is brown.
Come on down to Harmontown.
And then you would rap.
Brandy, you ready?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Got off the bus at about six o'clock.
The city's so good I'd like to suck its cock.
I'd like to Phoenix.
I'd like my penis.
I'd like to swear I'm not Enos from Duke's of Hazard.
It predates you.
Don't worry about it.
My name is Dan Harmon.
I'm here to entertain you.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Turn your frown upside down.
P is yellow, poop is brown.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Situations changing.
I don't want to go around rearranging.
I've got Breanna on my side in Phoenix.
The only thing that ever rhymes with it is penis.
But I'm going to fix that.
I'm going to do different.
But I'm not going to come up with anything different.
The rhymes are different.
I'm a bad rapper, but I'm going to make a difference.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Turn that frown upside down.
P is yellow, poop is brown.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Everything is spinning round me like roulette wheels.
I want to touch your mama's titties and give her feels.
I want to slap my hand up her ass crack.
I want to go up in front of her and come up back around the back.
I want to drive her down to the store by her ham.
I want to fuck your mama like I fucked Pam.
I'm sorry about that.
I'm so sorry about that.
I'm so sorry.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Turn that frown upside down.
P is yellow, poop is brown.
Motherfucker.
One more time everybody.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Turn that frown upside down.
P is yellow, poop is brown.
Come on down to Harmontown.
I want to struggle with my insides.
I want to fuck your mama so hard.
I ordered two pounds of ham with maple syrup.
I went to Phoenix and that was all I did.
Damn it.
Jeff, you're going to do a verse.
I fucking suck tonight.
Arizona.
I'd like to lease you or maybe own you.
I want to date you for a while.
I'll fuck your frown into a smile.
I'll put my dick into your nose until it turns into an ear.
I'll fuck your head until it turns into your rear.
Yo, I want unravel.
I like the way your front yards are sometimes made of gravel.
Yeah, yeah.
Yo, this song goes out to Rosa Parks.
Yeah.
All right.
Breanna, she's got to close it.
She's got to close it.
Wait, let me set you up.
I got to rap more.
I came to Phoenix with a fear in my heart,
but now I realize all I got to do is lay apart
because they're good people.
They're very forgiving of a very untalented person.
Yo, Dan, you were afraid of all the people that you see,
but it turns out that woman over there was actually Bobby Lee.
Yo, I thought he was Rachel Dratch,
but Phoenix has unlocked my heart from the latch.
Stupid, stupid-ass rhymes.
Don't try to think ahead.
Sucks all the time.
I'm fat. I got fired by NBC.
Now I'm here and I'm rapping for you and me.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Turn your frown upside down.
P is yellow, poop is brown.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Yeah.
Breanna.
Let's hear it for the Breanns.
That was good.
I don't...
Harmontown T-shirts.
Available out front. Thank you, McCarthy.
Still haven't learned that much about Phoenix.
No.
That summer is bad.
And what was good about it? Oh, the music scene.
You liked the music scene.
Wish we had a guitar so Breann could play something for us.
I wish that we could just find somebody to do every part of the show.
It was like...
There would be a guy in the front that's got a funny hat.
I do comedy.
Oh shit, Bobby Lee's here. Let's bring him up.
I feel...
It's insecure. It's when you go on a tour.
It's hard. You leave your comfort zone.
It's $22. It's tough.
How about those Gator Sanders?
No.
Sun Devils. Sun Valley.
They call you the Sun Valley.
Are there Wildcat fans out there instead?
Is that the thing?
American Express corporate headquarters.
Yeah.
U-Haul.
Wikipedia.
I learned it.
Where are we going next? We're going to Austin.
We're going to Austin, Texas.
As soon as the show is over we have to get right in the bus and drive.
I would do that anyway.
Because I hate myself.
I wouldn't hang out.
I would run to the bus
and count their delicious money.
Dan,
whatever happens tonight,
Phoenix, Arizona is the city
where you discover that pee is yellow
and poop is brown.
It took a lot of doing, but we figured it out.
We have to figure one thing out
as we go from city to city.
Because I want to start a colony on the moon.
The end times are coming for real.
Now that 2012 is over, we can really say that.
It was hype before, but I'm really convinced now.
We're going to just get out of here.
I want to create a system of rules
when we get there
so that we can have a simple society.
And I want it to be based on as few rules as possible.
And I think the first rule should be
that nobody should ever do anything
that anyone else doesn't
want them to do.
But then
it gets really complicated.
I'm trying to figure out
how to create
a constitution for Harmontown.
And I need help doing that.
I want somebody to tell me
I'm going to close my eyes.
Who?
That's all leave.
I would notice.
Who had the worst day today?
Who's here in spite of having
the worst day?
Who thinks they had the worst day?
Would you be willing to come up here?
We don't pick on you, obviously.
I am the enemy.
You're a hero for coming up.
What's your name, sir?
Ben?
I'll give you this one.
Sit next to him.
Make it cute. Make it romantic.
You'll be like the two brands.
The chords are getting tangled.
Streams are crossed.
I'm sorry about that song
about Justin's mom.
I'm really nervous coming here.
I've made a lot of mistakes tonight.
But I could tell immediately
when you said you played Scrabble out there
that that was my kind of bad day.
The best word I played was
cat.
It wasn't the fact that you played Scrabble out there.
It was the fact that you did badly at it.
I play Scrabble every day.
So a good day would be
if you got a cue on the triple word start.
If you played
quinoa.
Is this Scramble with friends?
I don't know.
If you played
quinoa.
Is this Scramble with friends by any chance?
No.
It's online with strangers.
We say gg
and how are you.
Occasionally you get the guy that's like
you want to go have sex somewhere.
Wait, that happens in online Scrabble games?
Or people will be talking about
sex while you're there
and you're just watching and you have to say
wait, wait, wait, wait.
What's the URL?
It's on pogo.com.
I'm blown away by this.
The people will use that as a medium.
Yeah, there's rooms.
Where you go in and it's like Mrs.
Neticut's Nightmare and it's uncensored chat.
And you go in and people can
But they're playing Scrabble.
You're playing Scrabble, right?
And you'll put words that are suggested
like sexy.
What if they don't have the right letters
and they end up with a pickle in their ass
even though they didn't want it.
I wish it's a dickle.
I have so many questions but we'd be here all night.
I don't care if it takes all fucking night.
We're not going to Austin
until we get to the bottom of this.
So you get in a place called
Pogo.com
They have different rooms.
It's literally Scrabble
or it's a Scrabble type game.
It's Scrabble.
But it's understood that the different rooms
Scrabble isn't endorsing this.
Parker Bradley or whatever the hell.
They're not going hey, here's a room
for the Transgenders
and here's the room for the Femme Doms
and the Flim Flams.
Scrabble is just assuming
it's supposed to be getting together in Scrabble games
but people have co-opted that culture
turned it into yet another way
to fuck each other
which is both uplifting and horrifying.
A guy yelled out
Minecraft is next.
I'm in the uncomfortable position of having to repeat
everything that everyone yells out
because the mics won't pick them up.
Your bad day
was because you got a low score.
I never broke 200
which is Scrabble.
Do you go there to play Scrabble
or to meet people?
I play Scrabble.
I play Battleship.
Answer the question.
I go there to play Scrabble.
You're a Scrabble fan.
Meanwhile there's people
just fucking and sucking on there.
It's hard not to respond to these people.
What's your name again?
Ben.
Follow your heart, Ben.
On a good day
someone would
offer to blow you and you'd beat them at Scrabble.
Yeah, and I would say suck it.
So today was a bad day at Suck It
and I beat you.
So
from a day to day
how do you support yourself?
You don't win money from them.
In the meantime are you logging
video for a reality show?
In the meantime
I deliver pizzas.
Oh.
Well, that's got to get
in the way, doesn't it?
Yeah, it kind of gets in the way.
Somebody orders a pizza and you
have to finish being propositioned
by someone who
only has the letters
to spell cat.
So Ben, you're up here
because you had the worst day
although I have to say
it seems like a pretty good day in Phoenix.
Yeah.
I guess my thought was
that we would start with somebody who was
really down and try to start
in Phoenix.
Dig deeper.
What really gets you down?
What are you worried about?
Let's start with this.
Aside from winning Scrabble
what would you really want to do
if you could do anything?
You can do that
if you want to.
Like career wise,
musician or writer
or rocking chair builder?
I would be a writer or musician.
Jesus, alright.
Just very impressionable.
Yeah, what else?
What else you got?
And you're delivering pizzas.
How old are you?
22.
So you get plenty of time, you don't care.
Well...
I'm at a loss here.
Did you go to college?
Kind of, yeah.
I went to community college
and then I hurt my back really bad
and I got out of college.
You sprained your study bone?
Yeah.
I herniated some discs in my back.
Oh shit, so you were probably laid up for a while.
Yeah. I put on like 60 pounds.
Oh.
Alright.
That's terrible.
So you got hurt, you gained a bunch of weight
because you're laying in bed
probably the whole time?
Yeah, I'm playing Scrabble.
Are you still hurt?
That's what started the Scrabble thing.
No, but I choose to lay in bed still
just because I got so used to it
that it's comfy.
I got a really nice bed.
I got my gift for hurting my back
because I got a really, really comfortable bed.
And I love it.
This is the worst day in Phoenix.
I don't think we should leave.
It's Phoenix, yeah.
I think we've wandered into...
This might be paradise here.
Is everyone else out there just like
drinking margaritas all day?
They buy you a comfy bed, you play Scrabble
and someone comes over and fucks you.
And then you go to a show and you go,
I had the worst day out of everybody.
But we did have to pull teeth to get up
and he wasn't saying right away.
I guess I'm
thrown for a loop here because I thought,
okay, somebody had a really bad day.
We would get to the bottom
with some real angst here,
but I think what we're finding out is that Phoenix is just heaven
and we should just roll with that
concept that Phoenix is a great place to be.
You're booing
the idea that your town
is a great place to be.
Oh, the Tucson people.
I can't keep up with the factionalism.
We should get a representative
from Tucson and Phoenix
to have it out up here.
Yeah, okay.
Where are you from, Ben?
I'm from Mesa.
Mesa?
Wait, I think
I think my buddy
Great Prips is from Mesa,
I think so.
Jimmy Eat World is from Mesa, I think.
Who? Jimmy Eat World?
Who's that?
They're that band that sings the
hey, you find yourself okay
in your head you only feel left out.
It just takes some time.
You can find it, yeah.
Yeah.
Take it, Ben.
Yo, yo, yo.
Yo. Okay.
Chilling with Dan,
sitting on the can.
I got a fart, but I can't.
I uh...
Spit it, Dan.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Spell and Scrabble letters
happen people tell me
they wanna have sex with me
my name is Ben
I don't know what to do anymore
but lay down with myself
fucked around all day
hurt my back again
going back and forth
cut it, cut it.
Yo, Ben.
I heard you played Scrabble.
You could win life's raffles
you say you'd be a writer
or a musician but
I don't know what to believe
not eternal admission.
Stupid.
Can I say some things to you, Ben?
Just cut the music.
I'm a terrible...
I am the one in the room
having the worst day.
Okay.
How much more does the truth
have to stare me in the face?
I...
I'm absolutely happy, self-activated
and forgiving
I'm sorry
I am a fucking wreck
I came into town
and I don't feel comfortable
in a stand-up club
I'm trying too hard
I don't like myself
I'm not fishing for anything
it has to stop
something has to give
I'm a bad, bad person
I don't understand why I would leave Los Angeles
in the country
in a $100,000 bus
going hey look at me
broadcasting to the country
now we gotta go to Austin
now what the fuck are we gonna do?
Patton asked what was wrong about one thing
Phoenix is amazing
he was right about one thing
I'm dead, I'm dead on the water
I'm burnt out
I can't do it
I wish I was dead
I'm a bad person
okay
you gotta pick up the pieces
and move on
you gotta
find a way to move on
you gotta move on
you gotta do so good
you're kinda funny when you try
yeah?
no, you're really funny
you're hilarious
I gotta move on, right?
yeah
gotta move on
and get my groove on
I'm kinda funny when I try
but not why
tell me why
cause your mind is a funny
mind
maybe Dan
go sit down next to Ben
get back over there
maybe Ben should be asking you the questions
yeah, yeah, what do you wanna ask?
we're doing this tour
and we still don't know why you're doing this
why you're putting yourself through all this
I don't know, they don't know
Bobby Lee doesn't know
Gary, do you one thing this fucking club doesn't know?
they're like
oh man
maybe it's time for
he can dig deeper into you
Ben
what have you always wanted to know about me?
I promise
I'm sure
you stay up in your orthopedic bed
no
there's no such thing as an orthopedic bed
that means foot
I'm sure you stay up at night
asking yourself things about me
now is your big chance
ask me
if you could be anything
what would you be?
a professional entertainer
a person with an act
a person that knew how
to make people happy
thank you
thank you dad
my dad's from Phoenix did you know
here's another thing I want to be
someone who doesn't make people say things like that
I don't want to be a drain on people
I don't want to be a person who makes people
feel his void
I want to come out
and do like a thing
all right
Ben
I think I got it
we can wipe the slate clean
can you
MC for me and introduce me
and I'll come out
and
I'm going to do this for real
I'm going to earn this venue
okay
oh wait
hold on
just a little more insecurity
put this here
all right Ben
use this mic
and then introduce me like you're an MC
at a stand up club
and then I'll come up
you
ladies and gentlemen
please welcome
Dan Harmon
the entertainer
fuck
Jesus Christ
what is this
a picture of your city
or a fucking
or a blurry photo
I got to tell you
I'd rather be in Tucson
okay
hey keep it going for Ben
you're an MC tonight
and Brian
I'll tell you
I'll tell you something
I've seen guys
with shirts on before
but I didn't know
whether to look at them
or
or not look at them
fuck
pretty interesting
coming here tonight
Dan I want to stop you
I think that you got close
to an emotional connection there with Ben
and Ben was about to draw something out of you
because I think Ben came up there
and I'm not joking Ben came up
and talked about his injury
and what he went through
there was a moment there where everybody like
oh my god the fucking
buzz went away
it was Ben
that was optional all night
that was driving me mad
oh Jesus I didn't want to say anything
because I didn't want
if you didn't notice it I don't want to call your attention to it
because then you notice it
that's why Patton also hates Phoenix
because of that fucking buzz
and that's why I'm a bad entertainer
it's the buzz
I was
the buzz is gone now everything's
now I'm great
that's what I was going to say
Ben a complete stranger
I would guess not
a professional entertainer comes on stage
sits down reveals something
honest and true for a moment
and there was that moment where I felt
I think everybody in the room felt this connection
oh that's why he's bummed out
it's not about Scrabble
it's about the fact that he's injured
it was a moment we got close to
revealing something about you we got close to it
I don't think we got all the way
like in silence
I didn't hear it because I was too busy
trying to figure out what to say next
yeah I mean that's a bummer
you decided to do this tour
and you come out and stand there with a microphone
you feel this onus to
to live up to Bobby Lee
and the guy with the Hawaiian shirt
and the downhole
Gallagher lady
yeah
yeah I want people to order
a pound and a half of
bacon ham and
with syrup and I want them to relax
and have a good time I want to be the reason
they were entertained
yes but then I can't
yeah I'm outside the moment
like well I'm doing I'm like how do I do it right
how do I do it right
it doesn't seem like the venue
to talk about
you know what's going on
in my life
because it's
you hear the silence and the silence
seems fine in the back of a comic book store
but it doesn't seem okay
you can see the glow of the cash register
and the posters
of Rob Schneider and stuff
it feels weird
and they drove
places they drove from
Tempe and Mesa and Tucson
and they deserve
they deserve better
and you love me
it's a surefire way to lose my respect
I hate myself
awesome
thank you I suck
yes I suck thank you
but I rule
shut up
wait you're heckling the audience
hey nice shirt
you guys you call yourselves an audience
you can't boother
what was my worst day
someone said tell me about your worst day
someone at 7 yelled out
show in Phoenix
no no no I'm having a good time
because you guys are nice
what is a bad day for you
what is the worst sort of day
for you
when what is or is not happening
honestly my worst days are
it's not on Ben Scrabble's thing
it's about monotony
it's about the nightmare
what am I doing
it's like when I owe
a network
a script and I told
him I'd have it to him by Monday
and then another day goes by
and I stare at the screen
and I end up masturbating
a lot and stuff
and then I go to bed
and then I wake up
and I go the script's still late
but my penis hurts
wait wait
I just came to this earth
like God made me
like made me out of clay
put me down on earth 40 years ago
said go to it do some things
here I'll even give you a couple of extra
abilities like you can hear
you can type
over 100 words a minute
here's a bonus
you can be very
handsome he gave me that bonus
he'll be a very good looking man
no I'm kidding I'm just a joke
and then you feel like you squandered it
you wake up and you just feel like a bad person
I think that's what drew me out here
I want something I want to feel
like I do something
for a living
I'm not a writer
maybe I always
wanted to be an entertainer
what's going on
alright
was that Ben?
Ben's friend he's engaging me
he's not heckling
he's in my fucking soul
what's your name?
Tyler what?
Tyler Dandy
Tyler Dandy is up in my shit
so you're lozenges
I don't know
it just feels like a guy that would make
lozenges
what's the
I have to check the
time because we have to
we have to do something special
9.20
does that put us into D&D time?
when do we start? 8.20?
I don't know if any of you are fans
of Dungeons & Dragons
Dungeon Master Spencer
I think it's
this issue hasn't been resolved
see me after the show and punch me
I'll give you your money back
and I'll cry
I'll sign something for you too
let's bring
Spencer up to the stage
Dungeon Master
now I just want to make sure
do you have
character
for
do you have Mulraines character?
yeah I got everyone
it's a good opportunity
to bring my girlfriend
the lovely Erin McGathy
Erin McGathy everybody
so I just want to make sure
before we proceed any further
there's nobody in the audience
who got a phone call a couple days ago
from stand up live
that said you want a contest
the limo will pick you up
there's a 6 drink minimum
there's nobody here that was like
what the fuck is this
alright
like they'd say yes
that was my big nightmare
some lady in the back going
I don't understand what's happening
babe it's going great
I'm not fishing for that
your hair looks beautiful
it's going to be nice
and she was out there running the merchandise table
thank you it's going to be open after the show
so please come on by
Spencer's setting up his D&D equipment
Spencer if you will please
get us up to date and recap where we are
in our campaign
alright
last time
our heroes had met with lord butzolot
of the butzolot barbarians
the group had been puzzling over the fragments of power
those shards of great arcane energy
but unsuccessful
in the wreckage of the white skull encampment
a horse-drawn wagon approached
Sharpie and crew
the wagon opened up revealing a magical storefront
in a halfling merchant by the name of Olaf
while quark and Olaf haggled over scrolls
and portable holes
Sharpie had a heart to heart with his father
not long after
the group heard a strange noise
loosing avenger
Sharpie's familiar
the hawk scouted out the enemy
the group slew the displacer beast
but the piece was short-lived
a large rift opened in the sky
and out poured the black fleet of admiral darkstar
the fleet launched many black cylinders
which impacted the earth with heavy
thuds
that's where we left off
so admiral darkstar is
yeah, Spencer everybody
that makes sense
we're on a tour bus with a dungeon master
I don't know if that
maybe at first, yeah
we still don't really
Spencer, you got fans out there, man
I'm glad
I mean, there are Tucson fans
we were warning, Spencer
who's not accustomed to this
was like, Spencer's got his own fans out there
you're gonna have to get used to that, Spencer
you're a celebrity now
I guess
oh, thank you
yeah, we're on the bus with Spencer
we still don't know anything about him
we know that he works in the back of an apple store
that he lives with his parents
and I may or may not have brought weapons
wait, for real?
he never sleeps
he can't sleep, yeah
you don't sleep?
are you an insomniac?
tried it once, didn't like it
no, I do sleep
I'm a human
that's that, you protest too much
yeah, spoken like a robot
I've never
said I'm a human
I've never plucked into any sockets
so right now, this giant thuds
crashing around this from Admiral Darkstar
Admiral Darkstar's fleet has been pursuing everyone
or it's been
unleashing on the plane
are we in danger right now?
you see several large
black cylinders, thudding to the ground
mysteriously, you don't know if this is danger
but it doesn't bode well
ha ha, quark
quark, Sharpie, I was
following behind you, I was only a few miles behind
I had some business with some birds
I
heard the thuds, I'm here to help
I have plenty of arrows and a great
sense of adventure
go run into those
thudding cylinders and find out what they are
I was also thinking
shoot them on the feet
I am brave
and I am not a very smart character
so I inspect
the thuds, is that possible?
you see what looks to be a large black
cylinder, it's at least four feet
tall and about a foot and a half wide
its surface is black and unlocked marked
shiny like metal
I found a table everybody
you found a cylindrical table?
I found
a 1980s coke table
ha ha ha ha
I
I detect magic on it
ha ha ha
nice, you detect magic
coming from the cylinders
kind of figured that would happen
swiftly the black ships sail overhead
they're going towards the west
mango Buttsalot's face grows
cold, my cap
your cap? my camp
I don't enunciate well
you were
unconscious for a while
your camp
is leaving or they're going towards his camp
it looks like it
to me my barbarians
his barbarians approach him and suddenly
he swirls his cloak in a vicious flourish
he's gone
as are his barbarians
they're walking away, he didn't teleport
he teleported
so he just went poof
magic is a thing that exists
in the world you're in
I know but my dad
he's just a guy that eats trash
who knows what other magic things he has
he didn't even say goodbye
so he's going back to his camp
you don't even know man
you saw a large group of men just disappear
but he said my camp
yeah so I mean that's a fair assumption
he's not
going to Taco Bell
you never know he loves his tacos
are the columns making any
noise after they fall to the ground
it's funny that you should mention
you hear the worry and clicking of mechanics
and clockwork gears
slowly the cylinders begin to lift out of the grass
floating in midair
they hang there
strangely menacingly
you're being menaced by cylinders
it won't be the last time
do we have to confront these cylinders
or should we just get the hell out of there
I don't know man
I'm sorry
you can't ask me what to do
that's the thing
how big are the cylinders
they're four foot tall but one
they're round and they're metallic
four foot tall cylinders
that are sitting on the ground
or they were
they're floating
they're menacingly hovering
there's clockwork sounds coming out of them
this ain't no benign hovering
quite
sharpie I'll be brave
I'll inspect the
the columns the floating columns
I feel like I should prepare
in some way
and that includes with my hands
I also inspect with my hands
you search the column
for any markings or
demarcations or marks
you don't see anything
the surface is clean
there's nothing here gentlemen
alright well let's pack it in
you hear a loud obnoxious siren
emitting from the cylinders
siren siren
you feel sick to your stomachs
oh
Jeff and Dan are fine but Mulraine is
I'm sorry Quark and Sharpie are fine
but Mulraine is afflicted with sickness
ohhh
I gotta sit down
excuse me I will stand behind this tree
I know what this feeling
feel it means
and I'd like to be alone
you're so sick that you think there's a tree
I'm sick
what?
yes
well in
would I say tree I mean just some sort of obstruction
yes
you're behind it now
alright
can I ask what my spell Mage Hand is
Mage Hand allows you to levitate light objects
up to five pounds
they're already levitating you don't treat them
what about
I just found out I can perform the loot
should I place some loot right now is that a bad time
you're gonna throw a knife at the moon
what?
you can play the loot
I'm kidding I don't wanna play the loot
I have listened
I go up to one of the cylinders
and I listen it's emitting a loud obnoxious siren
that's making you feel kind of sick
I stop listening to it
I produce
my crystal shard
you produce your crystal shard
it's not crystal whatever it is
that shard thing
the fragment of power is produced
thank you
I produce mine as well do I still have one
and we kind of rub them together
just the tips of them
I produce a different kind of shard
you
that's like my first poop joke I've ever made
sorry everybody
you poop shards
that might be useful
do our
do our two shards have any magical powers
together
you touch them together right
we're rubbing our shards nothing's happening
not happening
I walk toward
one of the cylinders with the shard
this is the biggest idiots in the world
from anyone's perspective
cylinders are hanging
are there any D&D fans out there
who know what to do and we don't
what
take out your flesh knife
you play Scrabble
whatever it really was
the guy that was playing Scrabble with Ben
two of the cylinders rise up
and fly towards you
and strike both Quark and Sharpie
in the chest
oh no
not fun
I use Alchemist's Fire
alright
so that's a thrown weapon
Quark takes 6 damage
Sharpie takes 2 damage
throw the Alchemist's Fire
it hits
it does 4 damage
the cylinder is now on fire
great
it's exactly what I wanted
you both relax
feel free to lie next to each other
use each other's bodies for comfort
can I take out my bag of holding
and remove one of these from the sky
is that a bad idea
remove one of what
can I throw my bag of holding over one of the cylinders
that would be a tricky move
it might be possible do you attempt
no I take out portable hole
and I make them fall into a portable hole
and it will float so it doesn't fall in a hole
I oh
sorry
I take out my loot
you play okay
can I ask you a question Spencer
about one of my spells
any of them
detect thoughts
detect thoughts would probably not work
on metallic entities
things with brains
well I mean you could do and detect nothing
Spencer may I use an anchor
do you have an anchor
okay so you have qual's feather token
that's a token that can turn into an anchor
may I use qual's feather token
to anchor the
things on fire
to the ground
adventure
you toss the token
it doesn't do anything
it falls on the ground
sorry gentlemen
I take off all my clothes
and I go right under one of these things
they're floating in the air right
like I take off my robe
and I lay naked under it
and I look up at it
and I go
nothing happens
I think we should
just go I think we could just leave
are we
these friends are foe
they just attacked us I took
our six damage
I keep doing it but I have a thing here
I take out my mysterious emerald dagger
and I go into
a rage
producing your emerald dagger
you fly into a barbarian rage
your mind clouds
with anger and rage
you can't think clearly
I attack
you attack in your rage
you attack a cylinder
the flaming cylinder yes
you miss really hard
in your rage
you can't hit anything
out of my rage
you end your rage
you feel slightly fatigued
I slowly put my clothes back on
you re-robe
I watch and giggle uncomfortably
and pretend that I'm writing
you hear a loud crackling noise
lightning is arcing between the cylinders
the three of you are struck
by bolts of lightning
oh
all right
Sharpie takes six damage
Quark takes three and Mulrainee takes one
haha
strongest
so we're fighting two giant thermoses right now
we're getting our asses kicked
three, three thermoses
anybody out there know what to do
these are just references
they're very loving
rare frost
what are water skins
those are like bags that hold water
they're necessary
I do a power attack
you do a power attack
you can choose between one and three
three is the most damage
one is the least damage
three all right
you hit
you deal
this is so slow you guys
12 damage
fuck yeah
wow
the cylinder splinters into fragments
and falls to the ground and hurt
fragments not those
not shards
fragments all right
rare frost
wow
a lot of rare frost fans out there
they love it they love the ray
it misses
haha
come on Mulrainee
shoot a thing
these cylinders
they didn't even do anything wrong
are they both
one knocked me in the chest
if you hang out long enough they will eventually attack you
are they both on the ground
or just one one of them is dead
the other two are floating around
okay I
take two arrows
and I split them into a V
which is something I do all the time
I split them into a V
and I pull them back
with my two eyes that are able to go
two different ways like a fish
I pull them back and fire them
are they both hit
haha adventure
that's a first
well done
one of them takes five
the other takes twelve
they are not dead but they seem a bit
messed up broken
what's wounded for a machine
broken
malfunctioning
that area
I got nothing here
well luckily it's the cylinder's turn again
oh
Mulrainee and Quark
you take damage of some sort
six and five damage
so six and five damage
how am I doing here
you're not doing so hot
you have like heel-moderate wounds or something
you always think you do but you never have
you do have a pendant of healing
my healing pendants
I put on my healing pendants
it's put on
it has to boot up
if you recall
I'll reboot
can I take my water skins
they're taken
so I'm holding my water skins
I throw my water skins
at the two
floating columns
feeling sickened
you seem a bit uneasy
but you attempt this strange maneuver
one of the water skins
strikes
lightning arcs across the surface of the disc
and it falls to the floor
aha
alright
I was studying my sheet
you knocked a disc off of a
they're weak to water
oh
I have water skins too
good
I do the same thing
it's not, it's Dan's turn
you still have to boot up
alright
I cast ray of water
it's a bit of a stretch
is that a real thing
no it's not
I thought I could lie
just pee on it
yeah
you took your clothes off earlier
it's not much of a stretch
alright I try, I don't have water skins
I try to pee on it
can I roll for your bladder fullness
oh shit
you manage a petty stream
it is but a trickle
did I
did I hit it?
you barely hit the ground
it almost evaporates
I don't get why people find this funny
just to pee on robot cylinders
it's all I can think to do
I have three sheets
that was smart of Mulraine to use water
is it my turn yet?
I take my water skin out and do whatever the hell she did
you aren't as accurate with a throw as Mulraine
but you do attempt it
oh that's a good roll
you strike the cylinder
water splashes across its surface
it's too false to the ground
inert
are they all gone?
good job
okay so we beat up three cylinders
we don't know if they were trying to help us
are they full of skittles or something
we open one and it's just Jesus Christ
isn't it
good job
I go up to one of the cylinders
and I spryly jump upon it
and try to open it
you spryly jump upon it
I have a huge smile on my face and a really cute hat
where'd you get the hat
from Olaf?
yeah he dropped it out of his
wagon
she has a hat you guys
okay you do this
nothing happens
maybe battle robots
aren't full of treasure
I touch
one of them with a shard
it's not going to do anything
these ships just drop some
robot poop
and we just stood here and fought
them
but now your dad is after his encampment
I said we ride toward the encampment
and now that we beat these cylinders
I think these were sent by a greater force
an evil force
if we had just left
in the first place would they have followed us?
I don't know
we've got to try different things
different approaches
I keep trying to run away
urinating almost worked
I guess we
walk off into the distance
and the camera stays behind
I do like a Judd Nelson
breakfast club fist in the air
and freeze frame
which will conclude
the Dungeons & Dragons chapter
because there was no treasure
let's hear from Spencer everybody
thank you Spencer
we fought some cylinders
do you hear that Austin?
when we get to Austin
we're going to
continue that
Dungeons & Dragons story
I'll see you guys at the merch table
two t-shirts for $25
Erin McGathy everyone
that did
in the past
we fought a big jello because that's a story we told
and we fought other things
are we missing some metaphor with the cylinders?
I felt very metaphorical
in my self loathing
I couldn't have
overstated
how badly I thought I did here
at stand-up live in Phoenix
there was no better way to end it
than fighting a cylinder
not really knowing what to do and peeing
and not hitting the cylinder
it felt very appropriate
we're missing a grander point
we're not?
sometimes you fight monsters
okay
is there a name for that kind of monster?
it's the cylinder monster
cylinder monster
it's a cylindrical construct
I love it
alright so now next time
we're off to go find
your father mango Buttsalot
at the barbarian encampment
let's learn one thing about Spencer before he goes
let's each city
let's learn 20 things
watch me
Spencer
is there any detail
you're willing to divulge about yourself that you think nobody knows?
I have a condition
known as syndactyly
that means two of my toes on either foot
are kind of fused together
whoa
see this foot
can we see it?
yeah
okay Spencer's now taking his shoes off
I've never seen anything like this
we're making podcast history here
see though they're stuck together
they almost look like they're not but they are
you guys are never going to speak to me again
we're going to be your best friend
and instagram the hell out of your foot
what's it called?
and I'll make sure the mutants don't take you over
syndactylism?
syndactyl
that's amazing
we're going to get a picture of that on the bus
alright well that
how many people in America
do you reckon have
all of them
is there a statistic on how many people
have syndactylism?
three out of three
crittenden siblings have this
all of your siblings have it?
yeah but no one else in like any overextended family
that's so weird
yeah I had a girlfriend that had it too
but like those are the only four people I've ever known to have this
wait you had a girlfriend
you had a girlfriend with fused toes too?
yeah
did you meet at a fused toe convention?
it was a support group
no you're kidding
yeah no I'm kidding
how much of it was kidding?
did you have a girlfriend that had it?
it happened yeah
well that must have blown your mind
it did
what happened to her?
she's fucking a 75 year old guy
wait
what? how old is she?
let's save this for this feels terrible
no she's 22
22? she's fucking a 75 year old guy?
yeah that's older than her dad
I'm not bitter at all
sorry it's a lot to take in
it's a lot for me to take in
how fresh is that wound?
how long ago did you break up?
I mean it's fresher than it ought to be
that wasn't explanatory at all
no I gotcha
I found out in April
and uh
she left you for a 75 year old guy
that's allowed to be fresh
and that's why I have no self esteem
alright
I feel a lot better now
about
thank you Spencer
I love Spencer
I feel worse now
I don't know
I can't help you
every man for himself
I'm leaving
Spencer everybody
God bless you Spencer
amazing
his toes are fused together
in Los Angeles he just raised
I said is there a dungeon master in the audience
he raised his hand
he's now on a bus with us
his toes are fused together
I don't know where to go
what's happening
where do we go to
it started with the toe thing
we got 19 cities to go
do you feel like you've learned anything
we're going to learn that he's God
it's going to be like one
by the end of the tour
it's going to be like the seventh seal
we're going to find out
that we are all in his
Dungeons and Dragons game
I think that's very reasonable
I think
I think the prediction is that
the movie ends up being mostly about Spencer
it's certainly the most interesting
of all of us
the movie's not even made yet
because you're narcissistic
I'm just vain
Spencer is noble in some way
that we're yet to find out
if these guys wanted to watch a movie
of a guy who comes out on stage
and goes should I be on stage
they could watch it about themselves
Spencer is an amazing
he's incredible I hate him
I'm going to poison his food
no I love him
he's incredible
did you have a question Tyler Dandy
oh
do you have a statement
do you have a question
oh sure yeah yeah
he said will you please tell us what you knew
I'm working on two of them
on the tour bus
I'm doing a
you know it's multi-camera
which means that there's a laugh track
probably well I shouldn't say a laugh track
before a live studio audience
what's the premise can you say
it's a father-daughter relationship
what's that
better than that
I was just going to say
the trouble is
I worked on community for three years
and the whole time every day I got up out of bed
I was doing
I was going to work for people
who
wanted me to
by doing the thing that I wanted to do
I was trying to make people happy
I was being the bad guy
and my attempt
now is to try to
segment things into
I want to do a thing for CBS and a thing for Fox
and a thing for Adult Swim at the same time
so the thing for Adult Swim is like
it's about a scientist with a diarrhea ray
you know it's like crazy shit that
the 15 year old in you will love it
it's being written right now
it's an incredible show
nobody will see it it's Adult Swim
but if you'll watch it and you'll love it
it's a cartoon
then at Fox I want to do
something that's like the new community
do something that's single camera
and makes people happy
and
and then at CBS
I also want to prove
not in a cynical way I want to prove
that something can be successful and good
like it may not be
your cup of tea Tyler Dandy
I'm basing that purely
in the fact that you shouted out you can do better
than that Dan Harmon
I hear you I hear you
I understand where that's coming from
I know we've been indoctrinated into a culture of
okay popular shit sucks
and smart shit is not popular
and I don't
I'm not disagreeing with you
I understand your anxieties
but I really
I have your permission Tyler Dandy
to
try as hard as I can to make a good
like old
Tyler get up here
if I take Tyler Dandy everybody
I can't see him
I'm not leaving her without looking
Tyler Dandy in the eye
Tyler Dandy
it's Andy Dick
you get it all the time
oh fuck
I'm intrigued here
it's interesting you're calling out from the audience
you're not a heckler
you're not like a drunk raucous look at me guy
you're saying I love you
you're the voice in the back of my head
I used your story circle to write my short stories
I love you
you're my hero
I'm nothing without you
go on
well what do you
what do you envision me doing
like if I can do better than writing a CVS
what do you
what do you envision me doing that would like
like you would go that's fucking Dan Harmon
he did it
if you could make multi-camera work
that's amazing
alright we'll see yeah that's why I want to try
yeah you're no like
I'm with fated breath
for what you're gonna do next
I'm sorry
season 2 of community is the best thing I've seen on tv
in my entire goddamn life
I liked it
you're a genius
Adderall and all I don't give a fuck
I should have taken some Adderall tonight
alright well
I don't know what else we have to say to Tyler
yeah let's eat
we're gonna close it now
Dan there's times
I'm gonna redeem myself
it's not a time to talk sometimes the soul opens up
and you must sing
or rap
do you remember the refrain bringing it
you know
it's been a show
it's been kinda weird
I'm sorry about it sorry about my beard
collecting all the food
and all the tears from the regrets
and dreams that I ever had before
came to Phoenix looking for
something new
all I did I feel is disappoint you
but you disagree
you say you love me but
all I can do is look at cylinders and try to pee
it comes out of my
dick it goes onto the floor
I can't do nothing
I got Jeff Davis professional
improviser but I have
wanted to be an entertainment
surpriseer wanted to come out
and do some cool shit
I can't do it
dick
sorry alright
wait
start yo
oh I have your microphone
classic
sorry
yo
coolin' out just
no pressure just going out
just gonna close the show
with a rap but I'm not gonna
do too much intense crap
not gonna punish the crowd
for thinking too hard
I'm not gonna
be gonna have the best crystal shards
I'm just gonna rap
and get over to Briann
so she can sing that
come on down
Harmontown
turn the crowd upside down
pee in the yellow poop
is brown
come on down
Harmontown
yo don't know what to do
got yellow pee
got brown ass poo
I put it in a jar
got black people
got white people too
I got yellow people
got brown like poo
I got rhyming shit that I've rhymed before
but I never know what I'm doing
three four
come on down
Harmontown
turn the crowd upside down
pee in the yellow poop
is brown
come on down
I can't stand myself
I was up on a dusty shelf
cause I'm fat and hairy
just turn 40
don't know what I'm doing
I'm really sad
it's not bad
dance break
I ought to go to therapy
instead of come here
I'm really sorry to the crowd
on all my anxieties and fears
better
you deserve better
come on down
Harmontown
turn your brown upside down
yo
yellow poop is brown
come on down
struggle
gotta struggle
gotta struggle to the strength
I gotta feel the rhythm
I gotta feel it inside
grew up in the ghetto
trying to get high
couldn't do it
working class background
people trying to
hold me down
just rose up from the bottom
up just wrote shit on my hand
in the back of a bus
I just practice in my rhymes cause I'm a rapper
use my notebooks
put them in a trapper
keeper
I'm just a sleeper
fire
my dick's a creeper
comes out on my pants in the twilight night
silence
goodnight
thank you everybody
we did it
Brianne
Tyler Dandy
Tyler Dandy everybody
Brianne, what's your last name?
Tyler Dandy's
throat coating candy
thank you Tyler
Brianne everyone
thank you
everybody who came up tonight thank you so much Phoenix
Arizona we've learned a lot
you send us off to Austin in grand style
one more time for the mayor of Harmontown
the wonderfully self loathing
the majestic Dan Harmon
thank you for throwing garbage at me
thank you for high-fiving me
God bless your wonderful city
we have to leave it almost immediately
I think we can sign some shit up front
if we have some time
I love you guys
for real
let's all go meet at the bar and have a drink right now
how about that
we love you all
thank you so much
if it's not too late you should tip your wait staff
music